Update dotnet-framework.md (#10048)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-framework.md

| `DD_DISABLED_INTEGRATIONS`<br/><br/>`DisabledIntegrationNames`  | Sets a list of integrations to disable. All other integrations remain enabled. If not set, all integrations are enabled. Supports multiple values separated with semicolons. Valid values are the integration names listed in the [Integrations][8] section.                             |
| `DD_HTTP_CLIENT_ERROR_STATUSES`                                 | Sets status code ranges that will cause HTTP client spans to be marked as errors. Default value is `400-499`. |
| `DD_HTTP_SERVER_ERROR_STATUSES`                                 | Sets status code ranges that will cause HTTP server spans to be marked as errors. Default value is `500-599`. |

> | `DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED`                                    | Enables or disables CLR runtime metrics. Valid values are: true or false (default). Added in version 1.23.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED`                                    | Enables .NET runtime metrics. Valid values are `true` or `false`. Default value is `false`. Added in version 1.23.0.
```
